
https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32304011
- **Importance**
	- My company sends a newsletter once a month. We're selling roasted coffee. This single day account for 20-30% of our monthly revenue. In fact email is our single best performing channel.
	- (On @rozenmd's React book) When I eventually released the book, email subscribers were 5x as likely to buy the book than people coming in via Google search.
	-  [https://bytes.dev](https://bytes.dev/) has almost 100,000 subscribers, a 48% open rate, and can pull $6,000 per weekly issue in sponsorship revenue. Why? Because 50,000 eyeballs is worth that much.
	- Yes, they work and people do actually check their emails. Even if you have a 20-30% click rate, that's 30% of people that may read your headline, click through to your blog post, product announcement, etc.
		- Some email campaign stats from Mailchimp (which may be self-serving but does match other numbers I've seen) ... says _"open rate"_ is about 20% - 30% and _"click-through-rate"_ (of a link embedded within the email) is about 2% - 5% : https://mailchimp.com/resources/email-marketing-benchmarks
		- For boutique newsletters in small niches, sure, you can see much higher click-through rates. But if you're New York Times, Walmart, AllRecipes - you're sending a daily email to > 10 million uniques, and your click-through rates will be < 0.1%.
- **Content**
	- I should also add that we're combining every newsletter with some "offer" e.g. we make a new blend or roast couple of bags of some coffee we don't typically stock. 
	- We're also keeping it very personal - it's literally just a plain text email (we've got this new thing on stock, here's what we've been up to and here's some new content on blog - have a great month.)
	- I have a newsletter to share links related to Python, Linux, Regular Expressions, Vim, etc. 38 issues later, I have close to 500 subscribers (I don't do pop-ups, but thanks for the reminder - I should at least add them in the footer of my blog posts, been promoting mostly to my readers on Gumroad/Twitter). Based on Gumroad stats, open rates are above 40%. I send 10-15 links per week, and the total link clicks average around 150 (not sure if adblockers affect such stats). I try to optimize links to share based on interest shown in topics so far.
- **Frequency**
	- If a company that I'm interested in sends me an email once per month, then I generally don't mind it. I might even appreciate it. Send it every two weeks, and you're training me to tune out and usually click the "Delete" button without looking at the content.Send it weekly, and you've irritated me enough to have the motivation to unsubscribe. Maybe just flag you as spam if the "Unsubscribe" link isn't immediately easy to find. Certainly tarnished my view of your brand. I don't know where the "sweet spot" is, but monthly sounds about right.
	- One thing i'd like to see is links at the top of emails asking the user if they want to change their receive frequency; I know many newsletters already have a "change how often you get these" button, however, needing to go to that page and then enter & submit a form is tiresome and tends to not be worth it when the newsletter isn't that important to you. Indicating that you can change to 'monthly' in a single click/tap is probably much better UX.
	- At my day job, we did a test around sending more emails and longer emails. Initially the more we sent, the more our core metrics and NPS went up. Then as we sent even more, our NPS starting dropping but our core metrics kept going up. It was rather interesting. There is definitely a balance to be had but my takeaway is that annoying your users a bit might be ok for business.
- **Misc**
	- One of my published papers was on the effectiveness of online marketing channels (email newsletter v. facebook v twitter) ... Quick answer is that, for "fans", email newsletters are a far stronger marketing channel than facebook or twitter.
	- Of all the newsletters I've had over the years for various endeavours I've had a very high open rate, a very high engagement rate, and an incredibly low unsubscribe rate. But you have to treat the person receiving your newsletter with the same respect you would treat a well regarded acquaintance standing right in front of you. And the moment you stop doing that, your numbers will plummet.